---
layout: single
title: "F U T U R E - O F - W O R K "
categories:
  - Blog 
tags:
  - Post Formats 
  - quote
---

Projects and Essays   

> Work, Amherst College Political Science Department
>
> <cite> “It is the great dilemma that has been talked about for over 200 years. It has been depicted in film, culture and now is a dilemma we are facing in real life. How will technologies and machines of immense computing power shape the world we live in? "

Within the Amherst College Political Science Department I researched the changing landscape of work and how this Industrial Revolution is unlike any of the former. I concluded that nearly every industry will be revolutionized in some way from technologies such as cloud computing, machine learning, intelligent manufacturing, advanced robotics. 
As a result of this coursework, I looked to PeakSpan Capital, where I could be on the ground sourcing these new technologies and learning how idea transforms into execution.

> PeakSpan Capital
>
> <cite> “Data, hardwear and process automation can transfrom businesses and help them run more efficiently no matter the size.”  

At Peakspan, a Silicon Valley based Venture Capital Firm, I was able to map out and analyze numerous segments of the business to business software ecosystem. Over the course of internship, I led a variety of projects from daily updates to PeakSpans Algorithmic Search Engine to Portfolio Operation projects. 
After completing the internship I provided 200 investment prospects, HCM market map, and theme research analysis around Covid-19.

